Well, good evening family. Good morning
to those around the world, wherever you
are from.
Thank you for joining us again tonight. I
am
going to go over some of the things
that we received in prayer
last time we were with you.
I
have
taken the time
to pray over what the Lord showed us
last time, and it is still very intense.
So, we will go over it and we will show you
some of the things that Braden found in
the news the last 24 hours or so.
Mommy can read that book. She
is
coming. She
will
go over some of these prayer
notes if
we want.
Are
you ready?
Okay. I will let you
in
here. Move that camera back. You
can come
this way. No, I don't want you. You
are
good. I will move over here,
babe. I am sorry. It is my fault for
coming late. It is okay.
There you go. Hi everybody.
Hello everybody.
Okay, so last prayer. Was that not amazing?
When we were praying last time and we
were in the middle of communion
and the Lord showed up, I started
seeing
over New York and Times Square and
the terrorist attacks and all the things
that the enemy is planning against this
nation.
I really believe with all my heart
the Lord has called us to
stand against this and to pray.
But
before I go over all that, I want to
show you what Braden found today per
what is
going on in Paris. Can
you play that now, or which one?
The one where they canceled everything.
Oh yeah, that was a very strong clip.
I agree wholeheartedly. You know what?
This is what the Holy Spirit warned us
was coming, and it
is
very sobering. You
know, when you see these things coming
way before they happen
and the Lord tells us pressure is coming
even more. What did we hear
from the Holy Spirit? What was it, how
many nights ago, when he said after
this comes there will be more gun laws? They
will
push more and
take away even more
freedoms. It will come even to
social media. They
will
start
to take away your right to
freedom of speech more and more on
public platforms and things like that
and it will crack down. This
was coming to Canada,
England,
and Australia big time in 2026.
But I saw another major event like what
happened in Sydney in
Toronto, Canada, and the Lord showed us
all these things, ladies and gentlemen.
I want to tell everybody we
are
the news. The Holy Ghost is
telling us what is happening. If
people in the world want to know what
is
coming, come over here and pray over
this stuff and we can stop it before it
happens and intercede. Now, not all
things are going to be stopped. We know we
are in
the signs
of the times. We are in the
last days. We know Jesus Christ is
coming. Because of the birthing
pains and all the things that
the word of God says is coming, the
world needs to know. So we are going to
be that light in the darkness shining
bright everywhere we go so that people
see us and they say there is something
different about you. So here we have
Australia PM. Do you have that
on there? Yeah.
Australian prime minister announces
crackdown on hate speech.
So where are you going to crack down on
hate speech? You
are
going to do it on social media
just like the Lord told us. And I have
the videos. If anybody is a follower
of our channel, they know what the
Holy Spirit has been saying, and it is all
to His glory.
Accuracy is important. We do
not
want flakiness. Here we go.
Now you can play this. Is that a video,
son? This one? Yeah. About, oh we
already played it, did we
not?
Yeah, I already played it. Okay. So, that
is
more about Paris and Hong
Kong,
other major cities canceling or changing
New Year's Eve plans
because they know that they are not safe.
They know they
are
getting tips, but they are not
telling the public what is coming.
What did I tell you all where I went in
the spirit this last video? Is
there any more? I can go to what
the Lord showed us. Yeah, you can go.
We know
people are fed up. I told you when I
saw the persecution coming to Canada
in the days ahead,
I saw great persecution coming to the
church. I don't know if they
have a First Amendment right there
like in America, but whatever right
they have of freedom of speech in
Canada, it is about to be challenged
majorly
for
social media and hate speech. I
saw a press coming on the people
in Australia
and
England,
a fresh olive
oil was coming out of this,
and that is what I warned
you
the Holy Spirit was saying to us
to get prepared,
a waking
shaking,
and even when the Lord said to
us about the volcanoes going off
in the Caribbean, he said, "You
are
seeing into the future."He has never
said that. So, I don't know
how far that is away,
but he said, "You are seeing into the
future what is coming.
This is not now. This is like next
year or whatever. I don't believe he
was saying this is coming. I
am
letting you have a glimpse of
what
is
coming."So
we see this stuff and it
is
amazing. Look at all these
tractors. Can you see all those tractors? They
are
taking their tractors and using
them
against the police. Those police need to get out
of the way. They are in danger.
That looks like mayhem.
I did not even know this stuff was going
on until Braden showed me. I said, "What
is going on in this world? We are using
our tractors to run the police over. That
is
crazy. These people are
nuts."We
do
not
want harm to
happen to anybody;
it is sad that we
have
come to this right now and
people are getting that angry
and
using their farming equipment to run
people over. So we
will
pray for them tonight. But they
are
setting things on fire, tires,
and all kinds of just filth. I
am
thankful that has
not
happened in America,
but
did anybody know that stuff is going on?
I
did not until Braden showed me.
Okay. Number two, what else? So, is
that all you want to show us, son?
Yeah.
That
is
good.
Okay. So, when I was in the spirit, I
had communion in my hand last time,
and as I was about ready to take the
blood, I was seeing over into New Year's
Eve,
and the Lord warned us about major
cities in America. Now, I will go into
detail concerning what the Lord showed
us
last video.
I saw detail into New York. A major
attack planned in New York for New
Year's Eve. Pray over New
York and New Year's Eve in New York.
Praying over Miami. I saw a major attack
in Miami planned.
It was on the
strip. I know it
was a strip and people called it out and
told us what it was now. And that was
not West Palm Beach.
Goodness gracious,
I forgot the name of it.
I don't live in the area. Jackson,
is that it? No, I am talking
about Miami. Oh, is it some kind of
place like the town something
place? I don't know. But
there were so many people that
reached
out and said, "Hey, Braden, this is
the place."Now, again,
the water was on the, the ocean
was on this side. I saw a road and then
I saw a lot of eating areas. And the Lord
said this was a target in Miami.
So,
praying over Miami, I saw that. Then I
saw New Orleans again. I saw a major
attack coming to New Orleans on
Bourbon Street again. I saw it was a
target where the horse
is and the old church. What?
Jackson Square. Jackson Square
with the beignets
and the Lord said, "This is an area that
will be a hot spot. Pray over this
area."I
saw
a mass
shooting
event taking place in
this area when people were not sober.
He talked about the Sugar Bowl,
and the Lord said to intercede for the
Sugar Bowl. The Sugar Bowl is on
January 1st or 2nd,
and the Lord said to pray
for intercession
and
protection over the people of New
Orleans.
The other part the Lord showed
us was
Las Vegas, Nevada.
I saw Las Vegas, Nevada,
near
Reno—where
the Bellagio is and all the
fountains—praying
over that again, and Trump Tower
and
Trump Hotels.
The other one
the Lord showed us was
Rodeo Drive in
the
Los Angeles area. I saw
the Louis Vuitton store, which was very
specific, Burberry, and the
Christmas tree. I told Diana,
'The visions we had in
this last prayer time were so detailed.
I could even see their eyes, the
skin, all of
it.'Usually,
faces are blurred
out,
but this was so detailed. I
believe it's because of how intense
this
situation is; we must pray for security and
stability over our nation, for our
president, for our law enforcement,
our local sheriff's departments,
the
FBI, and Homeland Security.
The Lord showed us again: 'Hold
fast, Church.
Hold fast, Church. We must hold
fast.'He
said there's a shaking coming to
America.
I believe we can stop a lot of
it, especially
by
praying in advance over our
nation and protection over
our New Year's Eve parties. Then I
saw Europe again, and the Lord showed me
England with the big Ferris wheel,
praying over the Ferris wheel
and
Big Ben,
interceding for
London, England.
I
saw a black swan going
down
the
river by
the Eiffel Tower,
floating on top of it. It was a
massive black swan, the size of a boat.
There are no
black swans the size of a big
boat;
it would look like a ferry,
like one of those massive
New Orleans
boats.
It was a massive black
swan swimming down that
river,
and I could see smoke
in the distance from the Eiffel Tower
area with something on fire.
I thought, 'What is that
representation of?
Why did the Lord pick
that?'The
Lord said to pray over
Salt Lake City
and
said they're casing.
I saw them casing Six Flags Over Texas in
the
Arlington area. They were casing the
area, megachurches,
and the
Vatican. One in particular was
a megachurch in Houston;
I saw them casing
it,
watching for the opportune time.
They were casing
the Vatican
and
major synagogues—major buildings
in Europe with the Catholic
faith—to
cause massive destruction with
all-at-the-same-time
planned attacks.
That's why I saw
to pray over Christmas Eve next week,
praying over midnight Christmas Mass
with the
Pope.
Salt Lake City, Utah. I recognized it because Salt Lake City
has
the
beautiful lake.
I saw the Mormon temple; major Mormon
temples were a target.
I
saw Macron, but then I saw Hillary.
Then I saw a man with black glasses
and
a crew
cut—military-style
haircut—with
a black trench coat,
walking in
Europe.
The Lord said, 'She's lost her
influence, but she hasn't lost it
all.'Regarding
the housing market,
I saw them trying to
stimulate
the economy through the housing
markets. They would try
to lower interest rates to a point where
the housing market would be a boom again,
but it was a pig with
lipstick.
The Lord says, 'Brandon,
the dollar's in trouble.
The American economy is in trouble.'Regardless
of
saying
the
economy
is
booming or interest rates
are better
in
2020,
he will stimulate
it,
and it will be a shallow wave.
Everything will look really good,
and
they'll turn the printing presses on.
I saw the wave
cresting,
and the Lord said, 'Ride the wave, for
it won't last long.
I'm giving you a window of opportunity
in the days ahead to ride the wave for
those that have ears to hear
how to
invest.'As
the wave was
going,
there were crypto symbols,
gold, silver, and the housing market.
It was a shallow
wave,
light
blue
like the Caribbean,
meaning
shallow water.
It will not last a long time.
The Lord warned us of this, but He
said, 'Ride the wave.'And as it
crashed, I saw gold thickening up on the
ground. He said, 'Fill your pockets,
son, and use it for my
Kingdom.'These
are things He said:
'When you least expect it, not when
you're expecting it. The surprise to
open your eyes, looking for the great
implementation of it, watching for the
right opportunity.'Regarding the casing, He said,
'The alarm to do more
harm.'2026
will
be
a year like the body
of Christ has never experienced.
Everything is coming to a head,
looking
like
a boil
ready to
pop.
There's
that much pressure
built up
that
it's ready to go off. It's
disgusting, but
there's so
much infection and so many things
happening. And that's what he
said: the acceleration of things like
you've never seen before. The body of
Christ must be ready. He said you must
know your authority. He keeps
saying,
"Expect the
unexpected."It
is
a
pivotal year
to take
seriously
because of the elections.
And he said this is vital:
the Supreme Court
and the decision they make against the
tariff
is vital
for the lifeblood of the American
economy.
This is not a "what
if it doesn't happen"situation. This is
do-or-die.
This is very serious,
and so that's what we will continue to
pray over.
I saw a scale of one to 10 of
how serious it was.
Was that
Hillary?
Was
that her power? A two out of
10.
She has lost a
lot of influence. She's in the
background. She had a scale of 10
before when she was with Obama, but
now she's lost her power. She
still has some, but it was a two
out of 10.
And the Lord said she still has
influence. She still has power,
especially in
Europe, because I saw Macron and I saw
these people of the deep state, dark
people. I'm telling you all, there
are some very dark people in Europe,
and for what the Lord has showed us even
about
Germany and things that are coming.
So we see Putin
having meetings and he is really
fussing. There
are
things that are happening and
he's upset.
Braden,
did you have that
video from
him
of
some
of the things that he's saying? Zelensky,
they say that I think President Trump
said last I heard we had a 90% chance of
peace.
Now, what does that involve? Dividing
the land of Ukraine and giving some to
Russia? I don't follow all
the news and stuff.
A 90%
chance of peace is what President Trump
was saying.
I thought that was kind
of interesting; they
were
saying it's the closest they've
ever been.
So, we just go over these things with you.
There are
a lot of
you that don't want to pray with us that
long.
Did you see anything
on
Warner Brothers?
There was something about Warner
Brothers. I thought the Lord said it
was after
you said a "casing of cool place,"so I
didn't know.
Oh, no. It was Six
Flags
because
it was a target. They were casing
Six Flags to see who had the least
security. How could they infiltrate
with their evil? And he said the
surprise will open your eyes.
Then I saw the number
250, and that was concerning
America's anniversary. And the Lord said,
"Don't just focus on the
time frame
of July 4th
when we celebrate or all the things
about it. It's the days
prior."It's
the enemy within.
It's the Red Dawn experience. It's
like
Pearl Harbor; we were caught off
guard
when you least expect it. That's what the
Lord kept saying: "When you least expect
it, expect
it."Don't
let your guard down.
Keep vigilant, church. How many times
has he
warned us? Keep
your eyes open, church. You must know the
signs of where we are. We're in
dark towers. And most people say, "Brandon, I
don't believe that."Look around you.
I'm into being positive and having
faith and believing God for things,
folks, but look around you at where we are.
From
September 23rd
to
where we are right now, it's a different
world.
It's accelerating just like the Father
told us. And he said, "Look, the birthing
pains are intensifying. You must open
your eyes."2026 is going to be a year
that
you're not going to ever forget.
I keep praying into it. I wake up and I
see it. I have visions when I'm driving
around and I don't even expect it.
The Lord will speak about 2026
and I'll see it, looking in the spirit. I'll
have
an open-eye vision
as I'm driving,
and I'll stop and
have her record it. We'll go over
what the Lord is showing us
about the economy, about
investments, and things like that, just
believing God for the overflow and getting
ready for 2026, 2027, and 2028.
Most people say, "Well, I believe the
rapture of the church is coming in 2026,
Brandon, we're out of here."I pray you're
right,
but I believe you're wrong.
If
you're following someone else and not the
Holy Ghost, you're in trouble.
You have to find God for yourself. I
don't care what Prophet
Billy Bob said down the road. You must
find God for yourself. Quit listening to
all of the prophetic chatter.
What did
God say to you?
I'm never going to say someone is
a false prophet
publicly like that.
The Lord
rebukes me every time. I got in trouble
for mentioning that one girl.
Lord said, "That's not for you to do.
I didn't say for you to say that
stuff publicly.
I
talk
to
you
privately."It's
like her telling me something
privately and I come on here and say, "Hey,
Diana said this, everybody."But
she
didn't tell me to
say that publicly.
We have an intimate relationship
and
you don't share some of that stuff.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, we have an
intimate relationship and I want that
level of trust with you. I'll tell
you what things to say, but you are not
going to say some of the things you said."And I had to remove it and
I got in trouble. And then the Lord
said,
"That's not necessary,
Brandon.
I got it in my time."I said, "How did I
do?""You
messed
up.""How?""You
shouldn't have
said that.
I said this to you privately,
but that was not for
public."So,
for those that heard it, I apologize
to you.
I'm a work in progress, y'all;
I mess up.
And the Lord said,
"You'll grow,
and you'll be
sensitive."But
there will be a lot of things in the
days ahead that you will not be able to
tell the public. So I tell you
what I can say, but it's
a
learning
process.
All glory to Jesus for his
patience with me.
This is like
I'm standing underneath a fire
hydrant
with all this stuff going on.
And he said, "Get ready for
2026."There
are going to be very, very sobering
days ahead, ladies and gentlemen.
And I just want to encourage you to get into
the
Bible yourself.
Read the Bible. Stop
thinking you have to have
a word from somebody else. If your
pastor gives it to you from
behind
the pulpit, listen:
he's the shepherd of
that congregation.
If you can't trust your pastor
to feed you
spiritually,
then why are
you there?
It's time for you to move on.
Well, I don't get anything there. Then why
are you there?
If you can't trust what they're
saying, you're in the
wrong church.
So I'm trying to encourage you: you must
find God for yourself. There
are
so many people saying,
"What do you feel, Brandon? What is my
opinion?"Really,
it doesn't matter what
my opinion is.
What is God saying to you? That's
what
I want to keep going to. What is God
saying to you? Well, I don't hear God.
No, I truly believe you do hear God; you
just have too much clutter.
You're going too fast down the highway
at 80 miles an hour and you're not
taking the side roads where Jesus is at.
He wants to look at the flowers
and
the birds.
He likes to be like
George Washington Carver,
who
talked
about the man who talks to the
flowers and the
peanut.
It's just like taking
time
and praying over things,
not being in such a hurry to throw out
another video, but stopping and
listening.
There are only 100,000 people
who watch
that;
there
are
500,000 others that need to see it.
This is very serious.
I don't know if it's my title or
whatever. I put a certain title on there
and YouTube flagged it and told me to
change it.
This is exactly what I told you was
coming.
The Lord said, "Great days ahead
concerning
suppression and censorship."They'll censor you
on Facebook. They'll censor you on
YouTube. They're going to censor you on
Instagram
and
even more on
TikTok.
But He said
Elon's
site will be a place
that will harbor people. You can
speak what you want, but they're going
to attack him in Australia and England
with
lawsuits
in the days ahead to shut him up.
And we must pray that he will not
succumb to all of the pressure from
society,
because it will come from Asia
even more so. I don't know how many
people are able to look in
Asia—I
saw a lot of freedom of
speech coming to a halt. That's why
the Lord said, "You must develop two
platforms.
You're focusing on all these platforms,
but I'm telling you, a storm's coming
with what you're allowed to
say."It
was a wakeup
call to us when we put the title. It was
a
very simple title and YouTube
flagged it and said
basically we had to change it. I
thought it
wasn't that bad,
but it was to them and it's their
platform. We're in their house,
so
we obey.
We're on their thing right now, and I
pray I'll be able to talk like
this for a while. But
if something was to
happen, I need you to hear me: I'll be
on X.
That's what the Lord said.
He talks about X all the time. He talked
to me about X in my sleep.
It's very interesting. You
all
will know because we'll put the
link in the description
below.
If anything is to happen to my channel,
I'm on X. I encourage you to
follow me there. I'm going to put a lot
more content on there in the days ahead
that I will not put on YouTube because
I know what's coming.
Don't
go searching because there might be a lot of
impersonators.
Only follow the link in the
description
and follow me. I think I'm up to 35
or
40. It's
a lot less than I thought on X. It
was
bigger on TikTok—definitely
got
like 400.
I can't stand TikTok;
TikTok is
from the devil. But I
encourage you to grow.
Follow my
X. I want to put a lot more stuff over
there because if something happens to
my YouTube,
you'll
find me on X because I believe that will
be a safe haven for a while.
But we'll be here until then.
I'm just
saying I know what the Lord has said:
prepare.
When
you see the future
and the Lord's showing you a
storm—2027,
2028—and
you're seeing into these time
frames, the Lord starts showing me these.
We've been doing this for three years and
we're still not at a million, even
though
we hit this hard every day.
We give all glory to God. But when
the Lord says, "I want
this to be your
alternative,"it's
going to take a lot of prayers.
We can't do this on our own.
There is so much that the Lord has
for us to pray about. It's
very concerning to me
where people are following
Sister Whoever
or Brother Whoever, and
it's the blind leading the blind.
That's literally where they are
prophetically.
They don't hear God. If He walked
in with a huge red hat with "HG"for Holy
Ghost on the hat and
a
holy angel choir behind Him,
they
wouldn't
know Him.
It's sad to me because the more
this
grows,
you realize
how many people truly have no
clue
and they pretend they do. They
put on a good front, act
like they've got it all together, and
they might have a brand new private jet.
You
look at them and go, "You
haven't had a fresh word from God
in decades.
What gives?
Why are you
preaching?"I'm
telling you
there is so much God is doing, and that new wine
skin with that new wine flow from the
Holy Ghost is not stagnant.
When
you're attached to the life source, the
life source is always giving you fresh
manna.
He doesn't want His kids having spoiled
porridge.
"Here, let's feed that to the body of
Christ; open
wide."And
you're choking on it.
"That's trash.
Why are you feeding me this nasty
meal?""But
it's all you've got,
buddy. Here, it's Sloppy
Joes."You're
choking on the Sloppy Joes.
"How about some extra sloppy for
you?"It's
sad,
but true. There's so many
that think, "Well, this is a good
meal,"and
you're looking at it going,
"This is
trash."I'm
just real with
you,
and
I'm fed
up with it.
I'm here as a watchman on
the wall yelling: "You
better get your act together,
church."The
Lord said, "I'm drawing you
to my side.
I'm drawing them to a higher level. You
must come up higher."He
says
that all the time.
There is a storm on your shore
today.
I'm calling the church to come up
higher,
for the world needs to see authentic.
He said, "I'm not
after the church, Brandon; I'm
after the world. I'm leaving the 99 to
go after the one."He said, "You're so
focused on the
churched;
I'm not after the
churched.
I'm after the unbeliever."That's what
He told me today:
"I'm after the unbeliever, Brandon.
I'm after the world, the ones that are
dark and
lost."He
said, "I'm snatching them out of
the
pit."As
I was driving,
I passed a car dealership. He was
looking at the people and said, "Do
you see them?"He
says,
"I'm leaving the 99 to go after
the one."Do you understand where we are
right now, Brandon?
I'm not coming after the church people;
I'm coming after the world.
But so many people are so focused on the
church.
And he said,
"It's time for them to wake up. Put your
big girl pants on and your big boy pants
on, and let's get this job done so we can
get out of this
hellhole."I
mean, I'm just saying.
Most people go, "Well, we occupy
until he comes."Well, my God, I know
that, but let's do it and do it better.
Put your armor on. Let's get this
job done. Let's win the lost for Jesus.
When I saw the Father
standing, I said, "Lord, what are you
doing?"I
saw a big bright light and he was
looking at the coast of America. He was
on the West Coast, looking
toward
it, and I saw Jesus underneath the
hoopa.
It was beautiful
olivewood,
carved with all these
beautiful olive leaves. It was
beautiful, but he was a flaming fire and he
said, "I'm waiting on you to get the job
done.
Bring in the lost and I'm coming for
you."I
stopped and I said, "He's waiting on
us.
We're not waiting on him. He's waiting
on us.
He's already given us everything. We're wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost.
We already have the authority of the believer."He
tells
me, "Brandon, I'm
not doing anything else about the
devil."Because
I was attacked one night
when we were doing a livestream. That's
why I stop sometimes. When you
have
people on the other side doing things
against you, I said,
"Lord, why don't you do something about
that?"He
said, "I'm not doing anything.
Do you remember what Brother Hagin said?
What I told him? I've done everything
I'm going to do about the devil.
You take your authority and rise
up,
Brandon."Immediately
stop and rebuke it and tell
it to go. I'm not doing anything else
about the devil.
I've already done it. I've already
whipped him
once and for all. Either you believe it
or you don't. And either you walk in the
authority of the believer and take your
dominion in place or you don't. But I
can't make you do it. You have to do it.
Either you bite it like a dog on a bone
or you sit there and let the devil run roughshod
over
you and take what
belongs to you. Either you
stand for your children or your wife
and you pray over them and you anoint them
with oil, or you don't.
"Well, why is the Lord
not helping me? I don't understand why
I'm going through this
storm."You
must speak to the storm.
You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. He lives
on the inside of you
and he's not doing anything else about
the devil.
He's not. And most people don't want to
hear that. But he said, "I've given you
dominion and power and authority to
tread on serpents and scorpions, and
nothing shall by any means harm you.
Either we believe it or we
don't."And
that's why he talks to me about it, because I
want to
say, "Why are you letting
this happen?"Nope. It's your fault.
I gave you everything you need to be
successful. If you have a need, you sow
a seed.
"Well, I'm dealing with finances."Check your ground. I talked
to a family member about that.
Check your ground,
who you're sowing to.
There might be corruption in their
ministry.
Check how you're sowing.
Check what doors you have open. If
you have doors of sin open in your
house, the enemy comes in to kill,
steal, and destroy. And the Bible says
that God has come that we might have
life and life more abundantly. And most
people don't want to take the
responsibility to look at themselves and
say, "Listen, do I have open doors of
sin and where am I
giving?"And
they want to blame it on God,
saying,
"Why am I still living in poverty,
Lord? It doesn't work."Well, it does
work.
Just like if I go
outside and plant an apple tree next to
the ocean, it's not going to do
very
well.
I have to plant it in the farmlands of
Oklahoma and put it in some good dirt.
The red dirt down south doesn't work
well.
You
have
to plant it in the better dirt.
Like in Tulsa, there's really
black dirt here. That's good dirt and
the trees are massive. But if I go
south, the trees aren't as good;
they're
like sagebrush trees. They're
not really thick.
Soil matters.
Where are you sowing your seed?
It matters.
Stop sowing into bad ground expecting
good fruit.
You must learn this.
And most of the body
cries,
"Well, you know, I've been sowing here
and doing that."I'm telling you, it's
ignorance.
Most people are just ignorant.
And you go, "Hey,
I try to help you,"but then we
blame God. "How come we're broke? How
come we're this? How come we're
that?"Well,
you're sowing into bad ground.
It's not good ground like manure. You're
sowing into ground that's like
the red dirt or clay,
and it just doesn't produce like it
should.
Mississippi black dirt produces some
good
crops. You know, you've got some
soil,
and there is a big difference between
that soil and Oklahoma red dirt.
And anybody that lives in Oklahoma and
lives
by the Red River, you know
exactly what I'm talking about. That
soil does not produce very
well. There's
not a lot of good stuff in it.
And I know the difference now between
the Arkansas River soil
and the red dirt,
and there is a big difference.
I'm
just trying to help y'all.
It's just common
sense. But a lot of people don't
put it together that way. And then if
you let the devil in—you've got sin,
you're looking at porn, you're
drinking, acting crazy—and you're
going to say, "Well, I don't understand
why my life's falling
apart."Because
you allowed the devil in by an inch and
he took a mile.
He comes to steal,
kill, and destroy. You let the devil in.
Stop being stupid.
I take communion daily
and come under that covenant and
say, "Father, forgive me. I messed up.
Forgive me, God. I need
you."I
don't live in sin consciousness.
I know Jesus forgave me once
and for all, but when I mess up,
I know that I must keep the door shut. The
spirit realm is real.
I don't believe in "once saved, always
saved"either.
I don't.
You can turn your back on God and say,
"I'm done with this."It's like people in
families;
they say, "You know what? I
was baptized when I was 12 years
old,"but
what happened? Well,
they're out smoking dope. They
drink a fifth of whiskey a day and
they're maybe even snorting some coke on
the side. You get so high and then you
go, "Well, I was baptized in the Baptist
church back when I was 12 years old and
I'm saved, brother."I'm like, "No,
you're going to
hell."I
hate to tell you, but you sleep around
like an alley cat and
you're doing more drugs
than most people.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
You can't live in the world and think
you're okay.
He said, "Be ye separate. Come unto
me."Every
time Jesus healed somebody, he
healed a sinner.
But he said, "Go and sin no
more."He
didn't say, "Go and live in
it.""Woman
with the issue of blood, it's okay.
You just keep doing what you want to
do.""Madman
of Gadara, you're okay.
Keep living a homosexual
lifestyle. Keep living the way you
want to live."No. He said, "Come out
from among them.
Be ye separate unto me."Why is
it that
the world is so hard for
the body of Christ to understand? "Be ye
holy as I am holy."It's not hard.
Just do it.
Hey, I'm going to live
the best I can.
But people want to justify being
homosexual. You want to justify all
these things and it's not right.
We must come out from among them.
Be like Jesus.
And people don't want to hear it, but
I'm going to tell you anyway. And if you
click out, bye-bye. I'm trying to warn you.
It's not for me to try to tickle your ears.
I'm trying to tell you you're going to
hell. I have to warn you that
Jesus Christ loves you and he wants
more for your life and for you to get
radically on fire for him.
Be salty.
Separate yourself from the world.
Don't go back to it like a dog at his
vomit.
We must repent and come up higher with
the fire and come up underneath that
wing and say, "Jesus, I'm here. Use
me."But
his grace is sufficient even when
you skin your knee.
But he didn't say to live that way.
"Lord, I messed up today. Forgive
me,"but
I'm not trying to live that way.
Diana, do you understand what I'm
saying?
I think a lot of these people need
to hear it.
But I want so badly that none of you
should perish, just like Jesus. I call
it
"none should perish, but all come to
repentance."You
must repent of your sins. You must
turn from your wicked ways. Jesus Christ
is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
He's standing at the door and he tells
me all the time, "Brandon, you don't
know what's coming in 2026 and
2027."These
are great days of shaking.
"As labor pains upon a woman, so will it
be, son. Do you understand? These are
the days of sorrow
coming."Are
you ready
for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
Are you prepared?
Do you realize the ark door's closing?
Noah yelled and
yelled and told everybody, I'm sure, all
the time as they were laughing at him
building the boat and they were saying,
"You're a fool.
You're out of it, man. You're
crazy."Whatever
they said to him, I don't
know.
But he kept going on warning them, "Jesus
is coming. The flood's coming."As in the
days of Noah, so will it be when the Son
of Man returns. Look around you.
People are worried about 3i-Atlas. I
told you it will turn into being a
nothing
burger.
You'll come on and it'll pass and
you're going to go, "Well, what was
that? We were expecting
something."I
said, "It's what's coming behind
it."There's
a major shaking coming, for
there'll be a shaking in the heavens.
There'll be a shaking in the earth.
There'll be a shaking in your finances.
There'll be a shaking in the church, and
there'll be a shaking politically all
around the world.
And there'll be five major shakings that
take place throughout this world.
And we're just starting to see it.
And that's why he said, "Fearful sights
will you see, son, that will bring you
to your knee.
A great humbling is
coming."For
they've turned their head up toward
me, and they've stuck their nose up toward
me. And I'm bringing a shaking to the
church, Brandon.
For judgment begins in the house of the
Lord first.
And it's not just in your circle;
it's in all the circles.
I want to be on the right side of it. Do
you?
I want to be walking with him whenever
he comes back. I want him to look
at me and say, "Well done, thy good and
faithful servant.
Good job, buddy. You did it.
You tried really hard, son."And
it's
like Kathryn Kuhlman said—one of the
first things she said: "When I get to
heaven and I stand before him, I'll say, I
really tried.
Dear Jesus, I tried."Yep. I love her.
"Dear Jesus, I tried.
I did the best I could.
I left it all on the
field."Like
when you're playing sports, I left
it all on the field. I did everything I
could to win that game. I did everything
I could for you.
I held nothing back.
I told them you were coming
and their blood is not on my hands.
I told them to repent. Father, their
blood is not on my hands. I told them
that they had to turn from their wicked
ways. I told them, Father, I
didn't hold
it back because I was
intimidated to tell them that if they
were practicing homosexuality, it's
not
okay. No,
it's not. I probably won't be able to
say that much longer on this platform
because of the way things
are going.
But I have to warn you.
That's out of love.
It's not out of hate speech.
That's not hate speech. That's love
speech. Jesus loves you.
He doesn't want you to burn in hell.
Hell was not
created for you;
hell was created for the devil and his
demons. You choose hell.
But I have to ask you today, if you're
watching this right now and you've never
asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and
personal
Savior—if
you're here tonight and you know it's
appointed unto man once to die and after
that the judgment—if you're here
tonight and you say, "Brandon, what must
I do to be saved? You're saying all this
stuff and I'm freaked out. I know these
storms are coming. I can feel
it."I'm
here tonight because I know inside
something major is about to happen with
the signs of the times and the coming of
the Lord Jesus Christ.
Are you on the right side of eternity?
If you died tonight, would you spend
eternity in hell
or would you spend eternity in heaven?
You have to ask yourself, be real with
yourself right now.
"Well, I've heard a lot about Jesus. I've
heard a lot about Christianity,
but does Jesus know
me?"The
only one that can
answer that is you.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot
enter into the kingdom of God.
You must become born again. You must
invite Jesus Christ to be your Lord and
personal Savior.
But maybe you're one of the ones that's
here and
you're
backsliding.
You're not on fire anymore. You've become
stagnant,
that your old pouch is full of old wine.
You're not even
remotely
where you should be.
The Bible said he'd rather you be hot or
cold; if you're lukewarm, he'd spew you
out of his mouth.
Do you know him? Or did you know him, but
you turned away from it
and now you're living in the very sin you
said you were forgiven of? You went back
to
the very sin you said was forgiven,
but I turned back to it and now
I'm living back in it. "Brandon, I need
help."He's
an ever-present help in a time of
need. He'll never leave you and he'll
never forsake you. Lo, and to the end of
the earth, he said he'd be with you
always.
So I want to ask you tonight, do you
know him?
More importantly, does he know you?
Jesus is standing at the door of your
heart right now. He's knocking on the
door of your heart. As I've said, all the
things you see, all the stuff going on
in the
news—I
want you to make a decision tonight.
There might just be a couple of you.
There might just be one of you. I don't
know.
But I'm going to tell you, tonight's your
night to be saved. The very shoes you
put on today to go to work, the
undertaker might be taking them off that
evening.
I want you to make a decision tonight.
Say, "Jesus, tonight I'm coming
home."Jesus
died publicly for
your sins, and I want you to become
public for Jesus today by putting in the
chat room right now, "I want to be
saved. I need Jesus Christ. I'm turning
back to Jesus tonight. I want to be born
again."I
don't want to go another day
without him.
I can't keep living this way. I'm
depressed. I'm having a hard time
through these holidays.
All my family's deserted me.
I'm broken. "Brandon, I need Jesus
Christ."I'm
so alone. I feel
so hopeless.
Give your heart to Jesus Christ today.
He'll turn it around.
I believe with all my heart he has a
plan for every one of us. He has a plan
for your life. "Beloved, I wish above
all things,"he says, "that you prosper
and be in health even as your soul
prospers."He
wants you to have a
prosperous soul. He wants you to have
a prosperous, healthy body. He wants you
to be blessed in your finances. He
is a loving God.
He loves you. He's never left you and
he's not up there beating on you. He
wants you to be his friend.
And tonight's your night to come home to
Him.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer.
I don't know how many people want to
pray this prayer, but if there's
just one, it's worth it.
Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins. I
ask you to wash me and make me new
today."Cleanse
me.
Forgive me.
Today, Lord, I turn my back on the
world. I turn my back on the devil. I
turn my back on the things I used to do.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve
you with all my heart.
I serve you and I dedicate my life to
you,
Jesus. I thank you that you make me new.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life. Lord,
thank you that I'm saved today.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm coming
home today.
Thank you, Lord, that you are accepting
me
and I come just as I am and you make me
clean.
Thank you, Lord,
I'm saved.
I'm free
in
Jesus'name.
Amen and amen. I believe that if you
just said that simple little prayer,
you just gave your heart to
Jesus Christ. I believe that you just
came
home. Welcome back home.
We love you. We're praying for you.
Well, you say, 'Brandon, what do I do
now?'You
go to a
Bible-believing
church. I'd go to a non-denominational
church like what we go to. You go to a
non-denominational church where
they pray in the baptism of the
Holy Ghost.
Get plugged in there Wednesday nights,
Sundays, whatever they have. Go to
prayer on Sunday nights like us. You got
to get plugged in. You got to keep
yourself fat on the word of God. You
cannot get skinny on the word of God.
You need to be obese in Jesus.
Not obese in the flesh like some of us,
but I say be obese in Jesus is what you
need to get. Get all full and fluffy
with Jesus so that you're able to stand
against all the wiles of the devil, all
the lies and all the torment. He'll come
to you and tell you, 'Hey, you're not born
again. You ain't right with the
Lord.'The
moment he reminds you of your past,
remind him of his future. Say, 'Satan,
you're going to burn in hell for
eternity. Leave me
alone.'He'll
leave you alone real quick. The
Bible says, 'Submit yourself therefore
unto God. Resist the devil and he will
flee as in terror.'I believe that's
what you got to do. You got
to act on what the word of God said.
I'm not falling into this trap. I'm not
falling into this temptation. Tonight's
my night for a new start, sucker. Get
out of here in
Jesus'name.
And then come over here and pray with us
so you keep strong.
All 64 of you, welcome to the family.
All 64 people that gave their heart to
Jesus Christ, welcome to the family. Go
ahead, baby. Tell them where you are.
I'm going to go here real quick.
If you just said that prayer, don't
say, 'I don't have a
Bible.'Because
we want you to be in the
Bible every day. As a part of your new
life as a new believer in Christ, it's
important that you get in the word every
day. So if you don't have one, we
would love to bless you with one.
Just go down to the description of this
video and you will find our email
address. And if you just put in the
subject line of the email, say, 'I need a
Bible,'and
then put your name and your
address, we will get one to
you. And we just want to say
congratulations. It's the best decision
you'll ever make in
your life, and welcome to the family.
We're so excited for you.
I was hoping this was on the whole time I
was talking.
I saw your face. Yes, and
all heaven rejoices. All of the angels. Not
only that,
the devil's saying, 'Man, we
lost a
sinner tonight. We lost a good one
tonight, boys.'They are upset about
that.
We lost a good sinner tonight. All 64
of you,
the
devil's kingdom
is
crying while Jesus is rejoicing.
We love you all. Thank you for coming
tonight. That's part of
what we had to say, but now we're going
to pray. Who wants to go tubing? I call
it tubing because it's going down the Holy
Ghost river. You know,
when you're in the spirit
and you're praying, it's like going down
a river in the spirit realm. That's
every single time I tell Diana, I
said,
'This is flowing with the Holy
Ghost.'When
you're flowing with the
Holy Ghost,
prayer is fun. Many people have been
taught religious prayer, but prayer is
not religious. Prayer is relationship.
When you get a relationship with God,
when you get real with God, God will
become real to you. You must not
look at prayer as
something
religious.
Get real with him and say, 'Jesus, I'm
here. I want to be your
friend.'And
when you get real with Jesus like that,
he'll become real to you on a personal
level. I practice his presence all the
time.
Even whenever I'm having a bad day,
I say, 'Man, this day is crap
or whatever.'You go up
there and say, 'Will you help me?
I need help. I'm having a rough day.
I'm
cranky.'And
just
be real with him.
I don't go, 'thou-est
God-th,
how are you doing-th
today? Jesus,
help
me-th.'It's
flaky and religious.
I go, 'Jesus, I need you.
Will you be my friend?
Will you help me through the storms of
life?
I need you to become so real to me
today. Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up,
Lord.'Happy
birthday, Jesus. Well, you know,
it's not when he
was born. Don't you know it was
probably in the late fall?
The world doesn't want to say 'Merry
Christmas'and
now the body of Christ
doesn't
want to say 'Merry
Christmas.'Let's
give Jesus a day, folks.
He deserves more than a day.
He deserves months. He deserves the
whole year. But the world wants to take
one day out of the year and give it
to Jesus. In the Western culture,
they
want to say, 'Well, you know, Merry
Christmas.'I'm
going to say 'Merry
Christmas.'Some
look at it as
pagan. I'm not going to say 'Happy
Hanukkah'or
whatever. I'm saying 'Merry
Christmas, Jesus. We love you. Welcome
to our house. You are always welcome up
in here. We love you.
Your feet are precious to me and
Diana. You are welcome in this
home.'Do
you understand? When you just get
excited about his presence and excited
about him coming, he'll come and visit
you. He comes and visits us.
We have the presence of
the Lord fill our house so strong we
can't even move around sometimes. And I
say, 'Oh, these times like today
when we were driving down the road, he
just wanted to talk and he was
correcting
me on how I was saying
things.'He
said, 'I don't like what you're
saying.'I
said, 'Okay.'Life and death are in the
power of your tongue, son. You've got to
watch what you're saying.
He said, 'I don't want you saying that
no more.'It was something private for
us. And I told Diana, I said, 'I just
got corrected. I repent to you
for what I just said, and I say
I'll take those words out of the
atmosphere. I plead the blood of Jesus
over what I just said. And I thank you,
God, that your mercy is new every morning
and great is his faithfulness.'And thank
you—for
he said he'll correct those he
loves. I'm so glad to get a Holy Ghost
spanking because that means he loves me.
Take me out to the woodshed,
Holy Spirit. If I'm off on
something, when the Holy Spirit takes me
out to the woodshed, it means I'm loved.
Now, Paisley, my little girl, said, 'Did it hurt?'when I
said I got a spanking today.
I love her.
She goes, 'Does it
hurt as bad as when you spank
me?'I
said
a lot worse. She goes, 'Oh, no.
What does it feel
like?'I
said, 'Well, baby, it's
inside.'She
goes, 'Well, I don't ever know if
I want to get a spanking from
Jesus.'It's
funny; her childlike faith is just
because
she's so real. She goes, 'Did it
hurt?'She
cracks me up
because she's so real about it. She
goes, 'What's it feel like when Jesus
gives you a spanking?
Does
it hurt like when you spank
me?'I
said, 'Oh,
honey,
I pray you never do, but I'm sure you
will.
When he corrects you inside, I feel like I'm
going
to crawl under a rock.'And I say,
'Oh, Father, forgive me. Help me. Make
me new. Wash me in your blood.'"Help me.
I can't do this on my own without
you."And
I believe the moment you start doing
that and you acknowledge him every
day,
he'll become so real to you.
Build a foundation every day
by
practicing his presence, getting
in the Word,
and meditating on the Word in prayer.
"If ye abide in me and my words abide
in you,
you ask what you will and it shall
be done."If you
get this book down inside of you, it
will change you from the inside out.
You've got to get this Word of God
because
it is alive.
It's him. This is God
speaking to me.
This is him speaking to you.
And you must know this
and know your words are powerful. Like
me, I say things often I shouldn't say.
He goes, "Brandon, you need to
change the way you're
talking."So,
okay, who wants to
pray now? I talk too much. I went over
an hour, I'm sure, but
it was good. The Lord
brought 64 people in,
so they enjoyed it. All 64 of you,
welcome to the family. Father, we thank
you for the body. We thank you, Lord,
tonight for your holy
written Word. I thank you, Lord,
for all that you've said, all that you've
done, and all that you continue to do. We
are
wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. And as he
is, so are we in this world. And I
thank you, Father, that the Word is
changing me from the inside out. I
pray over my mind right now and I take
authority over every demonic spirit. We
say it in the name of Jesus: Satan,
you're under our feet. As we pray and we
lift up your name tonight, Father,
I thank you, Lord, that we come boldly
to your throne. We take this body in the
name of Jesus. And I thank you, Lord,
that I'm healed, whole, and well by
the stripes of Jesus. No weapon formed
against me is going to prosper around my
wife, my children, or us. And we thank you,
Lord, that the angels of the Lord are
encamped
around about us tonight. And
I thank you, Lord, that you speak to me
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. Father, I
thank you now that the
blood of Jesus Christ covers me and any
visions or anything you show me tonight.
I thank you, Lord, for the
body that was broken for us in Jesus'name,
and
we're healed and whole by the
stripes of Jesus. Amen. Amen.
Lord, we take the blood and we make
much of the blood, and the blood makes
much of us. We plead the blood, we apply
the blood, and we thank you, Lord, for
the blood of Jesus. And Father, we thank
you that our sins are washed in
the blood. We thank you, Lord, right now
we enter into that throne room and we
sit at your feet. Father, whatever
you have us to pray over tonight, if you
want to show us something, fine; if
not,
that's fine, Lord; we just
keep coming unto you boldly. And we
thank you, Father,
that you show us that which is to
come, and we apply the blood over
anything we see so that we're not
snared by demonic spirits in
Jesus'name.
Amen and amen. Plead the blood.
I take communion every time I pray. We
have a big
communion bucket.
We have boxes of communion because of
it. And so we take communion.
We've
got so much communion all around our
house;
it's a priority.
I don't want to look over everything
behind the veil until I go underneath
the blood. You don't want to listen to
any
familiar spirits.
They come as an angel of
light to try to snare you. But I just
keep coming underneath the covenant and
say, 'God, I know I have a covenant with
you,
and you're going to keep me from the
evil one.'He that is born of God, he that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and the wicked one toucheth
him
not.
It's
in
First John 5:18. Yep, there you
go. 'He that is begotten of God keepeth
himself, and that wicked one toucheth him
not.'You
need to get that one down, too. I
obviously
need to memorize the rest of
it better, but I know whereabouts it's
located. I know it's in
First John. And he that is begotten, the
wicked one touches me not.
If that's all you've got, that's it.
Jesus has got me. I'm begotten of God
and the wicked one toucheth me not.
Father, I just thank you.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
Jesus, we give you praise for
your awesomeness.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come
and
quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more. Fill my
cup,
fill it up, and make me whole.
I'm seeing something.
He's talking about the revival tonight.
Get ready to write this down.
What I see is
a
beautiful
field full of wheat again.
And I see a man,
and this man is John Kilpatrick.
John Kilpatrick is walking in the midst
of the wheat right now
and the harvest is plentiful and
the laborers are few. There are certain
ones that the Lord is calling to
bring in the greater harvest of this
end-time.
I see a great storm to the east of him,
a great storm to the south,
and
a great storm to the west.
But in the midst of this storm, I see
him bringing in the harvest. There's
a
storm on all sides. I don't see north,
but I see John Kilpatrick and the
wheat is shining.
He has a nice suit on, a blue
shirt,
no tie, but he has a
jacket on.
Now, I don't know why I'm seeing this man,
but that's who I'm seeing right now.
He looks a lot younger
and
skinnier.
What's interesting is every time
I've seen that, it's always been
the Lord Jesus walking in the midst of
the field. But for whatever reason, I see
this man and he's walking around, and this
is concerning his area.
There's a big harvest about to take
place.
There
are
strategic churches that
I have put in place for this major
harvest, for the race is about to
start.
I
hear
him
talking about a big race.
I see the doves floating in the air
again above him.
There
are
three major doves floating counterclockwise
that are
going like a
tornado.
And
the glory of the
Lord is shining and glistening on these
doves.
Whenever you see
the beams of light
through the clouds, when
the sun peeks through
and
causes those streaks of
light,
it looks like
Shekinah—that's
what's shining on these doves.
This is interesting. I've never seen this
before.
Out of the Gulf, the water is
coming inland to the wheat.
The water is flowing inland to
the wheat in
a divot.
I don't know if that's a good thing.
You're running out of time.
Multitudes.
That's interesting,
all that right there.
All right, the Lord wants to go a
different direction now. But I can
see that water coming inland to
that
wheat."Okay.
So say John Kilpatrick
was standing right here. I see him, but
he's skinnier.
And I see the water come all the
way up to his feet
and it was divoted out
like when you see a wave come in. A wave
comes in like this,
but this came in like a flood.
It came in like a flood, but it stood
right at his feet. There was wheat on
this side, and the water came right up to
his feet.
And there was no end to the water out
to the south.
Now, I don't think this is a
representation of the Gulf. I think this
is a representation of something in the
spirit. There's no end to the water
supply.
There's no end to the water supply. Can
you
write that? There's no end to the
water supply,
but it's the supply for the wheat.
This is a water supply.
And it's a vast supply.
This is a water supply that he's
supplying for these churches.
And
the turning of the three
doves. There's three beautiful white
doves. There's three. One, two, three.
Father, Son, Holy Ghost. You understand?
That's what it has to be.
Three.
It's a
representation
of a great flow. It's
not a tornado. It's
a whirlwind. This
is like the mighty wind of the upper
room.
It came as a sound, the sound
it's
talking about in Acts chapter 2.
I see green olive leaves. I've
seen
green olive leaves in
this whirlwind
that's carrying these doves with the
glory on them. It's a
whirlwind. Lord, that's a good
word. The whirlwind
is
like a Holy Ghost wind.
You cannot see wind.
You cannot see a breeze, but this
is a breeze that looks like you can see
the Holy Ghost
and it's turning with the birds.
You can actually see it. It's
like a dust devil,
but it's a Holy
Ghost thing,
but it's coming out of that water
coming up onto it and it's flowing up
towards him with the wheat over
here on the side.
For
the buildings will not
hold all that I'm about to do.
Your buildings will not hold all that
I'm about to do.
They're way too small for
all that I have in store. There
will
be so
many meetings held outside. Do you
hear that? There's
not enough room for all that I'm about
to do in your churches.
The
harvest is coming in. A great shaking to
awaken, and the harvest is coming in.
That's why I have provided places of
fields.
For
the fields will be
filled. They'll be filled.
From coast to coast, there
is
much to see.
From the Gulf to Minnesota.
Reach
the
sea.
I see the new face rising up in
Australia.
When things look at their darkest.
Now I see the small foxes.
I see the small foxes and they
are
licking their lips. I see the small
foxes. He has a red tongue, but
he doesn't look right in the eyes.
He doesn't look right in the eye. He's
licking his lips. The small foxes.
He's talking about
the church. He's talking about
the small foxes. Hungry. They're
hungry.
There
will
be
certain places that he'll want to use. I
see these churches that are established;
they'll have great fruit.
That's why he said, remember what he said
about him? He's going to bring life into
him. He's going to bring life in
his veins. He's going to bring life into
his body. He's going to bring life
in these pillars. And he's giving them a
second wind. A second wind,
Braden. I hear the
Lord say, "I'm going to bring second
wind."Now,
some of my elders are coming home,
but I'm giving a certain second wind.
Not
that they always got everything
right, but their heart is toward me.
And I'm going to use the new Davids and
the elders and I'll mix them together
and you'll learn from the elders and
you'll learn from the new for all that
I have for you.
So elders, don't despise the youth
and youth,
be honorable to the elders.
From sea to sea, there
will
be greater
revival in some cities. There will be a former revival in all, but there will be
greater revival in
the south
and
up north.
It's
a stirring in everybody. He's coming.
You'll fan the
flame and you'll know there's an
impartation of the spirit. But there
will
be certain places that are hot spots.
These are great prayer positions. Prayer.
I
hear him say
they're portals.
Diana, I see
portals of prayer.
Where there's a pillar of prayer,
there'll be great revival.
You must form this out of
prayer.
Humble.
So where you see a pillar of prayer,
you'll see great revival.
Prayer,
it's a house of prayer.
You become prayer. There'll be great
revival out of you. But there'll be hot
spots in the earth
where you carry
revival.
And
I
see
people
outside in the spring. I see outside
in
the
fall.
I see
old camp
meetings,
old Brush Harbor camp meetings
and you'll want to go from one place to
the other because each
one of them will be different.
I see him in Branson again.
Branson, Missouri is a hot spot.
And then John down
there by the Gulf.
I see him.
I see him not too far from there in New
Orleans.
And
it goes up. I see these
hot spots in Tennessee. There's hot
spots in Arkansas.
And this will keep developing out of
prayer, much prayer.
Then
my house will be a house of prayer.
And out of the
foundation of prayer comes great
revival.
And some of you already have a head
start on it.
Start prayer.
A storm is coming.
And
the people will come
out of the storm
for refuge.
I see. This is what I see in
this vision.
I see the church as a beaconing light.
Like when you see the
ships
in the night.
It's a beaconing light
in the
lighthouse.
But there's so much light and they're
coming out of the darkness into the
light.
They're wet from the storm.
The
storm
of the world,
they're coming in
from the storm.
They need hope.
It's a breath of fresh air. It's a hope.
They're wet. Their
clothes are wet. Their clothes are wet. There
will
be a major revival
in Nevada.
I see shaking in Nevada
and the casinos closing. There is going to be so
much glory. There
will
be glory where
sin abounds; My grace does much more
abound. And there will be glory spots
in the least likely
places. They
are
in LA
and
Portland, Oregon.
There
will
be great shaking
in your soil,
all the way up. I see it again;
a
great shaking
for an awakening.
Clear up to Seattle,
a great shaking
to awaken.
Now, I didn't see a revival in Seattle;
I saw it in Portland. It
was written:
a
shaking in the soil.
Great shakings in the soil, not just one
time,
and
out in the water again.
I see the water again,
and I see Japan
shaking again. But this is
what's interesting about it: if
you take the land of Japan and
lift it up
and
pour
glowing
platinum
over
it,
platinum is lining Japan with a glow.
That
is
the color that I see; it
looks like platinum.
Platinum is shining up, and where the
land looks split,
there
is
a round circle
with
a dome on
it.
It's platinum, but it looks like... well,
the
sun looks yellow.
Do you know an LED light?
It looks like an LED light,
but it is a globe, a dome.
And it's so bright that
it is
piercing to
look at.
It's making the whole land
glow with a platinum
color,
all highlighted around the islands.
But where the split comes to
the land, I see
a glow coming out of it. My
Lord has
the souls. Now
we
are
in
South Korea. I
see North Korea, and I see the flag
tearing.
I see
the yellow stars
on this. Is that the Russian flag or
the
Chinese? I can't really tell; it's
wadded
in a ball.
I see this half over here
being torn, and it's attached to
North Korea.
This is communism.
It's a yellow star; there you go.
It's in
a ball.
This half of it is in a ball, and I see
the star in the corner,
and that's how I'm able to make it out.
But it's torn
and
crumpled up like paper.
It is
attached to
North Korea.
I see people sitting
in these houses
and they're singing without words.
They're Asians,
singing without words.
They look very beat down,
skinny,
and
tattered.
They're worshipping without words,
singing songs of praise and
moving with hand gestures.
These are our brothers and
sisters in North Korea. They're singing
without words.
They're very cold. I see frost around
them. You can see your
breath because
it
is so cold.
Now, this is interesting.
I see
feathers that are layered similar to a
snake skin,
but they're outlined with a
color
like copper
on
a
roof—that
tarnished
copper.
It's outlining these feathers, but
inside the middle of the feathers
is
a different, lighter color.
It looks like chalk, but concerning
these people,
that
copper color
is glowing.
It
is
highlighted as if you put it
through a black light. See,
that's
what He's
saying:
'Hold
fast.'I heard
Him
say,
'Hold fast,
church.'And
all of a sudden,
it went completely dark.
All of North Korea all the way up
through China went completely dark. It
was
like
nighttime
with no lights.
It was attached to China,
and all of that area
was
a complete blackout.
It looks almost like a black hole.
There
is
no way for them to hear;
it's a blackout.
I think what He is
saying—and
I don't want to add to or take away
from
it—is
that they've
never had a way to get the Word.
It's a blackout.
It's like the Iron Curtain. There's a
scan of
this demonic
skin, of this reptilian demonic
spirit
that is up front, glowing, and
behind it, it's blocking out the Word.
I see this lizard-like,
demonic-looking
thing with the copper
color in front of the people,
blocking it out all the way up through
China.
You attach
North Korea, and it goes up like this,
but there was a complete circle of
blackout.
You can't hear the Word, is what I believe that
represents.
It was
complete darkness. So
we're praying into that—a veil that communism
is
wadding up. He's done with
that.
We have to get rid of that. It's praying
for revival into North Korea for those
people because they
were not able to worship. They have
taken their voices; they
are
not able to even sing loud
to worship the Father.
They were making hand gestures
and
mouthing it, giving God
praise because they couldn't even sing
to
be heard
together
as a family.
They
would
be
tortured or killed for that. But I saw
them in terrible conditions, cold.
And the Lord said, 'I am
seeing them,'and
He's crushing that Iron Curtain.
That's what we're praying into.
The snake skin
is representative of some
kind of demonic spirit,
this dragon that's keeping
Christianity out of there.
And it was a complete
black hole
over North Korea
all the way up into China.
It's so dark
that
there's not even one light;
it looked like gross darkness.
I
see a great big flathead catfish
with big
whiskers—those
blue
cats—and
it has the face of
Kim Jong-un.
Coming up through the south, I see a
light coming on the land. I see the
green grass coming
and
the parting of that
darkness. It's coming from
the south,
from the
southeast, and it's spreading up
like when you would turn the
light on in a cartoon.
Everything that
was
blacked out
is getting color. The
green grass is coming; flowers are
coming. Their clothes are wet. There will be a major revival in Nevada. I see shaking in Nevada and the casinos
closing. There is going to be so much glory. There will be glory where sin abounds; My grace
does much more abound. And there will be glory spots in the least likely places. They are
in LA and Portland, Oregon. There will be great shaking in your soil, all the way up. I
see it again; a great shaking for an awakening. Clear up to Seattle, a great shaking to
awaken. Now, I didn't see a revival in Seattle; I saw it in Portland. It was written: a
shaking in the soil. Great shakings in the soil, not just one time, and out in the water
again. I see the water again, and I see Japan shaking again. But this is what's interesting
about it: if you take the land of Japan and lift it up and pour glowing platinum over
it, platinum is lining Japan with a glow. That is the color that I see; it looks
like platinum. Platinum is shining up, and where the land looks split, there is a round circle with a dome on it. It's platinum, but it looks like... well, the sun looks yellow. Do you know an LED light? It looks like an LED light, but it is a globe, a dome. And it's so bright that it is piercing to look at. It's making the whole land glow with a platinum color, all highlighted around the islands. But where the split comes to the land, I see a glow coming out
of it. My Lord
has the souls.
Now we
are in
South Korea.
I see North Korea, and I see the flag tearing. I see the yellow stars on this. Is that the
Russian flag or the Chinese? I can't really tell; it's wadded in a ball. I see this half
over here
being
torn,
and
it's attached
to
North Korea. This is
communism. It's
a yellow
star; there
you go. It's
in a
ball. This
half of
it is
in a ball,
and I
see the
star in
the corner, and
that's how
I'm able
to make
it out.
But it's torn
and crumpled up
like paper. It
is attached to
North Korea. I see people sitting in these houses and they're singing without words. They're Asians,
singing without words. They look very beat down, skinny, and tattered. They're worshipping without words,
singing songs of praise and moving with hand gestures. These are our brothers and sisters
in North Korea. They're singing without words. They're very cold. I see frost around
them. You can see your breath because it is so cold. Now, this is interesting. I see feathers that are layered similar to a snake skin, but they're outlined with a color like copper on a roof—that tarnished copper. It's outlining these feathers,
but inside the middle of the feathers is a different, lighter color. It looks like chalk, but concerning these people, that copper color is glowing. It is highlighted as if you put it through a black light. See, that's what He's saying:
'Hold fast.'I heard Him say, 'Hold fast, church.'And all of a sudden, it went completely dark. All of North Korea all the way up through China went completely dark. It was like nighttime with no lights. It was attached to China, and all of that area was a complete blackout. It looks almost like a black hole. There is no way for them to hear; it's a blackout. I think what He is saying—and I don't want to add to or take away from it—is that they've never had a way to get the Word. It's a blackout. It's like the Iron Curtain. There's a scan of this demonic skin, of this reptilian demonic spirit that is up front, glowing, and behind it, it's blocking out the Word. I see this lizard-like, demonic-looking
thing with the copper color in front of the people, blocking it out all the way
up through China. You attach North
Korea, and it goes up
like this, but there was
a complete circle of blackout.
You can't hear the Word,
is what I believe that
represents. It was complete darkness.
So we're praying into that—a
veil that communism is wadding
up. He's done with that.
We have to
get rid of
that.
It's
praying
for
revival
into
North Korea for those
people because
they were not able to worship. They have taken their voices; they are not able to even sing loud to worship the Father. They were making hand gestures and mouthing it, giving God praise because they couldn't even sing to be heard together as a family. They would be tortured or killed for that. But I saw them in terrible conditions, cold. And
the Lord said, 'I am seeing them,'and He's crushing
that Iron Curtain. That's what we're praying into. The
snake skin is representative of some kind of demonic
spirit, this dragon that's keeping Christianity out of there.
And it was a complete black hole over
North Korea all the way up into China.
It's so dark that there's not even
one light; it looked
like gross darkness.
I see a great
big flathead catfish
with big whiskers—those blue cats—and it has the face of
Kim Jong-un. Coming up through the south, I see
a light coming on the land. I see the
green grass coming and the parting of that darkness.
It's coming from the south, from the
southeast, and it's spreading up like
when you would turn the light
on in a cartoon. Everything that
was
blacked
out
is
getting
color.
The
green
grass
is
coming;
flowers
are
coming.
Praise God.
Hallelujah.
Did you get anything out of
that tonight? Praise the Lord. Thank you
for praying with us tonight. And the
Lord's about to do something
supernatural like we've never seen
before. And it's going to be just like
Philip.
That's cool.
Ain't that neat? Acts chapter 2? Or
what did you say? Acts chapter
8, verses 39 and 40. Yeah.
So, it's biblical what I'm seeing.
It's not something that's off in
la-la
land. I'm telling you it's in the Bible.
The Lord said it was. I don't
know—it's
like I'm thinking that seems kind
of out there,
but I will tell them what the Lord
is
saying. And so I'm so glad
there's scripture to back it.
I'm like, okay, I'm seeing this, but I'm
hoping
there's scripture for this.
You don't want to look flaky here, Lord.
I'm saying this, but I'm like, I'm going
to say it.
But that's what it is. And it's all to
His glory. Hallelujah.
I
thank you, Lord.
Wow. That's good stuff, man.
How long did we pray, son?
Translation. So, Philip translated
in Acts chapter 8,
verses 39 and 40.
Hallelujah. Isn't that wonderful? God,
it is.
So, he's about to do it on a
wide-scale
basis. He called it the supernatural
highway. He said, 'I'm going to
teach'—when
I first started
praying tonight, he said, 'I want to
tell you more about the revival and
what's about to come.'So, that's what he
wanted to say. I was excited about that
because
everything was about John. He was
walking down there; I saw the water
coming up there. But then I saw pillars
of people and then he said, 'I'm going
to use them again. I'm giving them a
fresh wind to finish their
race.'That's
awesome.
And
some places
will be used more than others,
but everyone will carry the glory if you
want it.
But there's shaking to awaken. Number
two: then he said, 'I'm going to reach
them,'and
I saw him take his fist and he
crumbled
that flag up.
Wow.
It was his hand. He took it and went
like a piece of paper, and the only way
I knew it was that I could see the stars, and he
wadded it up in a ball
and I was like,
'Whoa,
what is that?'And I was thinking,
now let's burn that sucker, you know,
light it with Holy Ghost fire, Lord, and
set it on fire.
But he didn't. I just saw it wadded up. And
then the
vision started spreading and it looked
like an animated picture of grass and
trees and everything coming alive—flowers—and it
was all coming alive. And North Korea
started having revival. It looked like
they were praying. It was
awful. They were praying and they were
not allowed to make sound.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to bring
this—you're
going to get in there one
way or the other.
You can't keep God out. You can't keep
God
out.'And
that's why he said, 'Keep praying into
this.'So,
please help me y'all. We'll continue.
We're a rescue mission. We're a rescue mission.
He's taking us because of that catfish
of a man.
That's
what they did. I thought it was funny. I was trying
to represent him being... it was a flathead. He said
he's a flathead catfish and he was...
Well, they're unclean.
They're nasty.
They're bottom dwellers. They
eat the dead of other things.
They're slimy and nasty. They do taste
good when they're fried in cornmeal.
Go noodling, but I'm not going to
eat that. But I just thought, isn't that
interesting?
There was so much to that tonight. And
I'm so thankful the Lord would show us
all that he's going to reach
the North Koreans for Jesus
one way or the other
and then we'll be back in our house.
So, if that happens to any of you all
and you're out there, you have got to
let me know because I want
to talk about it, but I want validation
that you take pictures when you go
because
the Lord said he's going
to have it as a witness. You'll be
able to take pictures with your phone.
Yeah.
Put those on... I wasn't putting
the people on there, but I was in North
Korea or whatever. Wouldn't that be
cool?
You've
got it as a witness in him
to tell the church and you'll be on TV
and you'll be
moving around on, you know, maybe a live
like this.
All of a sudden, you're like, 'Where'd
Brandon go? He's gone. He's in North Korea.'He
comes
back and I'm on there and
we're doing live from North Korea. I
don't know. Does it
have a satellite signal? I don't know
how it's going to work. If you're on an
island somewhere and I'm feeling
it is
live. We're on Facebook live. I mean,
you know, it's over here. We're
witnessing these people and
the
power of God's touching them.
What's belief? God forbid. And
everybody's like watching it live on
YouTube.
Braden
comes with me. He's like filming
it.
Starlink.
Yeah, we have Starlink. I don't know how
it would work. But if it has a
signal—probably
not in North Korea
because
they don't have internet—but if you
were in another place and they had it,
you could record it.
You see me? We're
laying hands on the North Koreans. Well,
you wouldn't
want to put it on there because they
might be in trouble if they got
caught.
But wouldn't that be cool?
I mean, the Lord said believe it. I saw
it though. He said it's going to be a
witness.
Supernatural stuff. Ladies and
gentlemen, isn't Jesus
wonderful? It's
like Sister Billie goes,
you know.
I saw it and it's going to be amazing.
They're not all going. I'm telling
you,
Asia will be reached for Jesus.
From China to Vietnam to all over
North Korea. Get ready. Get ready for the
presence of God like you've never
experienced before. Into Russia, into
places that have never
really had a move of God. And I'm
telling you, God is not going to let the
devil show up and show off. It's
about the church rising up. And even in
this shaking to
awaken, folks, we're about to see
something we've never seen before.
And I'm excited.
It's like, okay, time to get ready.
But we love you. Thank you for joining
us tonight. I pray this blesses
you, blesses
me,
and we'll be back to pray with you soon.
I don't know about tomorrow—tomorrow's
Saturday—but
maybe
we'll see. God bless you all. We love
you. Put a smile on your face. Do they
have a question? I'll answer two
questions.
I'll throw you a curveball. Do they want
to have a question or are they done?
I
thought Japan was cool. The platinum
around it and that ball.
That
bubble.
Yes. No, I don't know what that is.
From glory to glory. He's changing us.
Changing us.
Somebody said no
questions. All right.
Good night. We love you. Put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. God
bless you and we'll see you. Bye-bye.